Docs: Clarify implicit ignore behavior for dotfiles (#12600)
eslint/eslint: docs/user-guide/configuring.md

Please see `.gitignore`'s specification for further examples of valid syntax.

> In addition to any patterns in the `.eslintignore` file, ESLint always follows a couple implicit ignore rules even if the `--no-ignore` flag is passed. The implicit rules are as follows:

Reviewer: Can we also mention `--ignore-pattern` here?

Author: The sample `.eslintignore` file I had near the bottom of my changes lost some meaning after a rebase, I think. I converted it into an additional bullet point mentioning that `.eslintignore` and `--ignore-pattern` are prioritized above implicit rules.

> * `node_modules/` as well as `bower_components/` directories are ignored.

Reviewer: The default ignore patterns [have changed in v7.0.0](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/migrating-to-7.0.0#default-ignore-patterns-have-changed).

Author: Should be fixed in latest push.

* Dotfiles as well as Dotfolders and their contents are ignored.

There are also some exceptions to these rules:

> * If the path to lint is a glob pattern or directory path and contains a Dotfolder, all Dotfiles and Dotfolders will be linted. This includes subDotfiles and subDotfolders that are buried deeper in the directory structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the path to lint is a glob pattern or directory path and contains a Dotfolder, all Dotfiles and Dotfolders will be linted. This includes sub-dotfiles and sub-dotfolders that are buried deeper in the directory structure.
```

Author: Fixed.

  For example, `eslint .config/` will lint all Dotfolders and Dotfiles in the `.config` directory, including immediate children as well as children that are deeper in the directory structure.

* If the path to lint is a specific file path and the `--no-ignore` flag has been passed, ESLint will lint the file regardless of the implicit ignore rules.

>   For example, `eslint .config/my-config-file.js --no-ignore` will cause `my-config-file.js` to be linted. It should be noted that the same command without the `--no-ignore` line will not lint the `my-config-file.js` file.

Reviewer: Can we have this match the error message this produces?

```sh
$ npx eslint .foo/test.js

/Users/kai/Code/test/eslint-test/.foo/test.js
  0:0  warning  File ignored by default.  Use a negated ignore pattern (like "--ignore-pattern '!<relative/path/to/filename>'") to override
```

Author: I'm not sure what you're referring to here. There is no sample error message here?

Another example: placing the following `.eslintignore` file in the current working directory will ignore the `.git`, `node_modules`, and `bower_components` directories in the project root and anything in the `build/` directory, except `build/index.js`:

```text

> # All .git/* Dotfiles as well as /node_modules/* and /bower_components/* in the project root are ignored by default

Reviewer: Technically, all dotfiles and dotfolders (except for .eslintrc.*) are ignored, not just `.git/*.

```text
foo.js
  0:0  warning  File ignored because of a matching ignore pattern. Use "--no-ignore" to override.

✖ 1 problem (0 errors, 1 warning)
```

This message occurs because ESLint is unsure if you wanted to actually lint the file or not. As the message indicates, you can use `--no-ignore` to omit using the ignore rules.

Consider another scenario where you may want to run ESLint on a specific Dotfile or Dotfolder, but have forgotten to specifically allow those files in your `.eslintignore` file. You would run something like this:

    eslint .config/foo.js

You would see this warning:

```text
.config/foo.js
  0:0  warning  File ignored by default.  Use a negated ignore pattern (like "--ignore-pattern '!<relative/path/to/filename>'") to override

✖ 1 problem (0 errors, 1 warning)
```

> This messages occurs because normally, this file would be ignored by ESLint's implicit ignore rules (as mentioned above). A negated ignore rule in your `.eslintignore` file would override the implicit rule and reinclude this file for linting. Additionally, in this specific case, `--no-ignore` could be used to lint the file as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This messages occurs because, normally, this file would be ignored by ESLint's implicit ignore rules (as mentioned above). A negated ignore rule in your `.eslintignore` file would override the implicit rule and reinclude this file for linting. Additionally, in this specific case, `--no-ignore` could be used to lint the file as well.
```
